README.md, before:

# Good Choices Web App

![image of Good Choices logo.](/flask_package/static/img/IMG_1102.jpeg)

## Overview

- **Controller: Python/Flask**
- **Model: mySql/Sqlalchemy**
- **View: HTML/CSS/Jinja**
- **Testing: Pytest**

My first web application is built using the classic model, view, controller construct and is hosted on PythonAnywhere.  The purpose of the app is to create a simple tool for tracking chores getting completed around the house and providing immediate positive feedback when they're finished.  There are more features and testing I look forward to adding, but for now this is a good start.  

**Check it out here- [Good Choices App](https://ralphcorey.pythonanywhere.com)**

## Current Features

- Register
- Login/Logout
- Site Feedback
- Add/Delete Chores
- Complete Chores
- Reset Chores
- HTMX
- Bootstrap
- Tests

## Future Features

- UX updates
- More HTMX

## Other important tools

[![linting: pylint](https://img.shields.io/badge/linting-pylint-yellowgreen)](https://github.com/pylint-dev/pylint)

Commit message:

Updates with Claude codes help

README.md, after:

# Good Choices Web App

![image of Simple Chores logo.](/flask_package/static/img/IMG_1102.jpeg)

## Overview

- **Controller: Python/Flask**
- **Model: mySql/Sqlalchemy**
- **View: HTML/CSS/Jinja**
- **Testing: Pytest**

My first web application is built using the classic model, view, controller construct and is hosted on PythonAnywhere.  The purpose of the app is to create a simple tool for tracking chores getting completed around the house and providing immediate positive feedback when they're finished.  The app was originally called Good Choices but now its called the Simple Chores app. The addressable market for my app is an American family with children who are old enough to have a phone, probably between 10 and 17 years old.    

**Check it out here- [Good Choices App](https://ralphcorey.pythonanywhere.com)**

## Current Features

- Register
- Login/Logout
- Site Feedback
- Add/Delete Chores
- Complete Chores
- Reset Chores
- HTMX
- Bootstrap
- Tests

## Future Features

- Add a profile page
- Add a simple stop watch and a timer on a new page
- Update the HTML and CSS to be more mobile first
- Add profiles so a parent can register with the app and then add children to their account
- More HTMX
- Update the all_chores_completed function to use the claudi api in order to generate the affirmation when chores are complete
- Add a scoring system to completed chores that earns rewards

## Other important tools

[![linting: pylint](https://img.shields.io/badge/linting-pylint-yellowgreen)](https://github.com/pylint-dev/pylint)
